---
title: IT BLOG 1
layout: post
author: james.lehmann-russell
permalink: /it-blog-1/
source-id: 1s8oVRd_Vk_xnGV2uWtOlQns3apm2d36CVCX1WCqQn1I
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Making another Github blog</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>06.09.18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>With no Github blog whatsoever</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have started making a Github blog</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I had managed to create a new repository and started to personalise it </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When I couldn't work out how to do something I didn’t just give up. Instead I looked at the different resources given to us by Mr Keen.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I was asking myself about all of the different things that I could add to my blog to make it look good and professional. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Instead of asking the teacher when there was a problem I would check the websites that were linked on the 'computing resources’ site, made by Mr Keen </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Before I made a new repository I asked myself what was good about my previous blog and what could be improved. This reflection made me change the way I edited the code as I knew what would work and look good and what wouldn’t</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>When Mr Keen brought us all to the front and told us what makes a good blog I made sure that when I got back to my computer I took all of his advice and made sure that my blog would look aesthetically pleasing</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When I was stuck on something I would ask the people around me if they knew the answer. In reality I should use the online resources given to me and learn the answers so that I know for next time. I also didn't have as much persevering as I probably should have had as I would give up if I couldn’t find the answer straight away.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will spend more time looking for the answer on the internet instead of just asking someone else for the answer. I will also make sure that I try to add new things into my blog as I could very easily make this blog look just like all the other ones that I have made.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


