---
title: IT BLOG 3
layout: post
author: james.lehmann-russell
permalink: /it-blog-3/
source-id: 1aaXwmMfZwU2UASwDw38LQNWCkqjvy4Zc3NisZP1E_FM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Deciphering my cipher</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>20.09.18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>With a working cipher</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To develop a command that will decipher my message</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I managed to make a command that deciphered my message</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When I wasn't sure what do type I looked at the hints that Excel gave me and I used that to work it out</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I asked myself what I used to encode the message and based my command on that </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I didn’t really have independence as I had to get help from one of my classmates as I couldn’t quite work out what to do</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected on what I had tried to encode my message and tried to use the same sort of techniques to decipher it</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I tried as hard as I could to decipher the message but I couldn’t, so I had to get a little help</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could have been a bit more focused on my work as I got quite easily distracted as I wanted to know how other people were doing. I also got distracted by other people talking to me and asking me questions about random stuff. I could have tried a bit harder to work out the answer instead of asking someone else for help after failing once.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to be a bit more resilient and try a few more things before asking someone else for help. I will also try to be more focused on my work and try not to get distracted by other people.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


